2018

19 Jan
Most of the day was spent trying to get conjoint_report from qconjoint working correctly. Made some progress. Java seems to be running but the pptx function does not work still. More details later. I also worked on the powerpoint conjoint report for Centene. I don't like powerpoint as a medium of communication but I understand that clients like it. Lots of work needs to go into the report design and automation. I like designing things but not that much. Needs new typography. Up to this point, I've spent most of my time trying to resolve computer issues. I'm hoping they get resolved soon. I need to develop goals for the next month. 

22 Jan
I started the day by creating a conjoint simulator in Excel---basically a
table that lets you choose factor levels from a drop down menu and compares
different packages to each other based on potential market share. Then I ran a
maxdiff analysis for an Uber client because their data was too large to run in
the online maxdiff analyzer. I want to automate the building of a simulator
but I think that will be difficult in python. R shiny seems to be a more
appropriate tool to use for any sort of interactive application. I'd like to
work on automating several processes: 1) slideshow summary report 2)
spreadsheet simulator 3) data preprocessing 4) conjoint and maxdiff pipelines.
Also looking forward to building in optimization processes for current
analyses.

23 Jan
Learned Qualtrics survey design UI for a Coursera price study. Began studying
ways of improving a TURF analysis for 40 features where the best combo of the
top 7 features will be needed. Parallelizing the algorithm will likely not
solve the problem because of memory issues. An alternative solution would be
to process the algorithm in batches. Alternatively, another model could be
used such as a genetic algorithm to find the best combination. 40 choose 7 is
pretty large but should be manageable.

24 Jan
Learned how to access the PHP databases where survey data and analyses are
stored. Also learned how to customize the web app for the surveys. Concrete
example: I learned how to change the price variable from being a string or
interval to being a randomly generated integer within an interval so the
survey will show the randomly drawn value instead of some fixed number. I also
learned how to generate a design by specifying a csv of attributes and levels
for Campos-Rinovum conjoint. Used the Qualtrics web app UI to generate a
design matrix and survey. Changed the color theme of the survey conjoint
questions. Also, as I've been working on ways to improve TURF for OPTUM, I'm
increasingly convinced that the standard TURF algorithm is very poor. It
answers a poorly specified question and very easily runs into errors or
unstable results. My thoughts on improving the analysis for OPTUM are to use a
genetic algorithm instead or at least perform some form of segmentation on the
data before it goes through analysis. I have yet to walk through this with
Craig and JD to see what they think. However, the biggest problem is the
specification of an objective function. It seems like their goal is to
optimize something that doesn't make very much sense to me. Clarifying the
objective would help me know which algorithm to use. In the worst case, we
should just be able to run the standard TURF implementation in R using the
mcmc argument to save on memory. It ran quickly on my computer for 600 rows
and 40 variables with randomly generated data. However, there is no guarantee
of getting the global maximum or even consistent results. Despite this, TURF
analysis doesn't seem to guarantee much along those lines anyway even if we
were to run the full analysis.
